hey everybody welcoming her in the land
plays The Binding of Isaac after birth
Plus this is the wrong save file but I
have to admit it was very satisfying
going through every single one of these
characters and being like oh my god when
did I do this that doesn't make sense we
got a lot to do but we're slowly getting
there and it's a great metaphor for life
you know we look at this you look at
this and you go oh my god
we don't even have a rerun done you know
so many of these characters are barely
started in their posted notes when you
go back you go to here and you go oh my
god I could never possibly achieve this
what a Herculean task laid out in front
of me how do you get from here to here
one run at a time my dudes one run at a
time um we should probably do a greedier
run huh who deserves it Isaac's looking
good Maggie's got a lot to do but we're
gonna have to play Maggie so much that
maybe it doesn't matter Oh Maggie I
don't know she's already got the like
void handled certainly not Judas Judas
is like close to the end you don't want
to run a blue baby greedier that seems
like a nightmare and I'm ready for that
I'm in the zone that's like a perfect by
the way here's our seed one g63 q MP e
well balanced alphanumeric seed I'm okay
with that we're gonna get a decent rate
of fire increase but the HP is very very
important as blue baby here so for one
key we can get a key in a pill time will
tell whether or not that's a good
decision in my time I mean somebody else
playing the seed who's named time by
their hippie parents because I am
probably not gonna spend a key to get a
key in a pill knowing that that pill
could be actually deleterious to us in
the long run by the way out of our poop
we got a nickel so that item is actually
for once justified its existence what's
our game plan well blue baby is a very
interesting character because you can
never
oh that was
at least it wasn't one of the champions
you can never get red hearts most
characters even if they start with zero
or they start with low amounts of HP
that annoys me
you can still over time get them to a
point where they have some HP blue baby
is the exception to that rule
constitutionally incapable of taking red
hearts or making red hearts have unless
you change to another character but that
doesn't help us with post-it note
situations so what do we do honestly
probably what we do is we build a
powerful run that allows us to survive
and then just before the final boss
fight we buy like as much HP as is
necessary to survive that seems like the
consensus like wisdom for how to survive
a blue baby greedy or mode run really
like probably should step on this
freaking button at some point we killed
like two enemies over the course of the
head over the course of that wave oh
Lord
all right this is the last one though
it's the champions dude first up we're
living night and I want to make this
clear we're living on squeezie time
right now if a word for squeezy we would
be dead mind you'd like 10 times over
because not only do we not have any HP
except for the HP that squeezy gave us
but you know by a rate of fire our dps
would be lower so squeezy has been like
a life saving item but you know squeezy
wouldn't be anywhere without us either
without us to glorify its edifice it
would not oh that hurts me without
without us squeezy would be nothing it'd
just be a couple of lines of code
written in Lua for some reason
now there we go we lived we absolutely
need the key and then we'll come down
and check and see what we get in here
it's pretty bad not gonna mince words
but per floor probably substantially
more useful than the poop because we can
use it for things like this for example
and even if it only pays out like two
cents for a floor that's actually fine I
am gonna take the gamble
worst case scenario it's a key for a key
even puberty can be good for us but step
on the button so how do we make doctors
remote work for us I think we blow up
everything useful wasn't there the
father was a tinted rock in our item
room so we might want to blow that up
but we can also use it to blow up of
course the you know the enemies which
actually might be a much more important
use of our time you're gonna die that
was really bad you're not gonna like
this or maybe you're gonna love it
actually
it's very non northernlion me but I'm
gonna save this doctor's remote charge
all that was very scary
I'm gonna save this doctor's remote
charge and I am NOT going to use it to
kill Larry jr. first off we could miss
we can hit one but not both and in that
case you know all we've really done is
saved ourselves a little time time is
valuable in fact for many people it's
the most valuable thing there is but for
me I've got an abundance of the present
moment but I don't have an abundance of
is explosive devices so we will use our
doctor's remote to blow up the tinted
rock in the other room if it gives us a
small rock we're happy if it gives us
spirit arts we're happy if it gives us a
golden chest our happiness is contingent
on whatever we find in those golden
chests which you know it varies we do
need to live for like the next couple of
seconds here which was looking
surprisingly unlikely
so we'll blow these up I would say that
were relatively unhappy as a result of
this but here's what we do
I mean the pill is actually not the
worst idea you blow this guy up okay we
got more than we bargained for which is
perfect I think you blow this up and
look for a spear at hardly we got one we
got potato peeler potato peelers not
that good I in fact I'm gonna go all the
way down I'm gonna go down to five cents
here it's the point keeps us alive spero
rods aren't always gonna be for sale in
the shop so I figured we'd buy them
while we have them and yet we still have
a little bit of money left over on the
next floor to start our our dreams with
so we should have lust and PIN here oh
my god the poops scared the crap out of
me they're not pun like actually
unintended pun apologized is what I
should say I gotta be honestly I think
lust is probably much much harder to
fight than pin
although pins HP is apparently higher
unless lusts HP just didn't factor in
either way it doesn't matter we're gonna
get our deal at the devil that's the
other factor that's a big positive for
us to have had the ability to buy as
many spirit hearts as we did we're able
to have enough money to buy enough
spirit hearts to potentially pick up a
deal with the devil if the deal is
really good Abaddonn ten out of ten
selection right now the pact not
necessarily bad the mark think about
that instead we got two runes Yara and
algae's it's tough it is it's tough I
think we're gonna use Yara right now
because there's a spirit heart and again
there won't always be a spirit heart so
I think that's worth doing and we get to
take a battery charge what's the point
of the battery charge here we could look
for a secret room I'd rather just save
the charge to like maybe get a tinted
rock on the next floor I think we
handled this floor pretty well except
for you know taking way too much damage
all right so let's pop into our caves
room ball of tar is exactly okay binky
is pretty much just squeezy 2.0 I'm okay
with this all right then in here
one key gives us a bomb and a card I
will absolutely check that it's like
that old prozac song well a bomb in a
car ah art I really wanna see see it's
an old it's a Canadian reference you
wouldn't understand it I don't know if
we're all liver is worth it I'm gonna
take like it what it actually feels like
an extreme gamble we're gonna come in
here for a spirit heart we're gonna get
a bomb in a penny not a great deal dude
I don't know I think we might want to go
PhD here or me the other alternatives
blow this up
it's tough this is a tough one
toothpicks is not that good cuz we're so
close to the tear cab I think we take
nun's habit not with the expectation
that nun's habit by the way I'm gonna
try this now that's okay we're gonna
take nun's habit not with the
expectation that that oh my god it
whipped on all of them now with the
expectation as I've been trying to say
here if you would so rudely stop
interrupting me
that doctors remote is gonna be good for
us but with the idea that you know if we
get like a book of revelations or
something like that all of a sudden we
got Katy Perry style teenage dreams here
to help us out what is a Katy Perry
style Teenage Dream I do not know you
might think NL you should understand
that reference it's from your era you
would be wrong when Katy Perry was
popular I was not listening to Katy
Perry I considered myself above pop
music which was a very ignorant opinion
to hold I was listening to mission to
Burma mission of Burma
you know I was listening to you know
James Blake and I ain't talking about
the American tennis pro
just listening to wolf parade and other
Montreal indie rock staples oh excuse me
sir we're actually getting pretty lucky
like we're we're clearly strong enough
to handle most of the waves the fact
that there's like a lot of champions is
super annoying but like we're getting
through it regardless it's not
necessarily easy but it's it's not
proving to be super difficult either and
when we get the right style wave like
that one for example we can really take
out like a half of it with a single
charge which is not ten out of ten
something like shoopdawhoop would be
same charge much more value per charge
but we're getting something going here
unfortunately you know we already
purchased a lot on this floor so we
might not be able to purchase much extra
but we'll see we probably got one more
item left in us plus a potential deal
with the devil we didn't take our last
deal well actually we did take our last
deal with the devil it was just runes so
we could get a deal with the angel at
which point we'd love to have doctors
remote remaining but I guess it's not
that relevant in the whole scheme of
things is it okay moving on a single NV
not plausible to kill in 13 seconds but
that's okay because we might fight an
enemy that kills the other NV part's
relatively quickly potentially so keep
as few of them on the screen as possible
not gonna do much to stop Andy let's be
honest but both of these enemies and
both of these n of these are pretty not
tanky so we just hold our charge we can
use it for the deal with the devil wave
you might say hey why not save it for
the chance for blowing up an angel
statue that's like a maybe it's too much
of a maybe and this run is already
enough of them maybe for me too cool not
want to add any more uncertainty in my
life
no it's keep it's the spirit is a nice
you keep one thing steady and the other
thing you just go buck wild if you got
everything going buck wild that's just
you know you're living a life of chaos
and you keep one thing steady and go off
the off the chain but the other thing
that's more positive I think I'm gonna
spend like two cents to get a reroll
there you go
it's actually absolutely fine I think
that that is perfect lump of coal is a
decent upgrade for us that is like
exactly worth the amount of money that
it costs it's a good item it doesn't
need to be a em you were probably
getting value for money but still that's
what you want right it didn't cost them
15 cents to make a lump of coal in that
shop you know they just cloned it from
an earlier instance so as far as I'm
concerned we had we allowed gains from
trade to happen here well also you know
satisfying both customer and business
owner it's a very groovy combination
baby as Austin Powers says at the end of
Austin Powers 1 we've got freedom and
responsibility it's a very groovy combo
baby he was speaking about the 90s at
the time so you didn't know about the
recession anyway ok we did get a deal
with the angel we didn't maintain our
charge but I'm not gonna use it better
to save it maybe get a tinted rock on
the next floor look for secret rooms at
some point free reroll on the reroll
machine etc etc I think it's it's very
valuable to handle that ok
matchbook is also fine three bombs we'd
hesitate the call at a 15 cent value
street value maybe but car battery I
think I mean you're gonna look at this
and you might be thinking the 10 out of
10 choice is is outbreak and I disagree
I love the item it's not a greed mode
item we could also use the charge to get
a key but I'd rather use my first charge
to get this it's not a terrible turn of
events um tell you what let's use a bomb
here grab this three cent card is not a
bad deal Ouija board and two cents
returned and it's not particularly
strong uh sorry I do want to I mean I
want to do a lot of things one of them
would be raise our damage for the first
time ever on this run another one would
be like blow up these skulls for the
chance to get something okay that turned
out to not be necessary but blow up
these skulls for the chance to get
something worthwhile out of them like a
good tarot card for example two of
diamonds is a not just a run winning
item but like an item that enables you
to have all sorts of positives as a
result of its existence dang it
for all the you know I I hesitate I know
there's a lot of Isaac players who feel
differently than this I think that
anytime you take damage it's stupid
damage I think it's a deleterious
attitude to have
I'd like to achieve consider myself a
relatively successful person in spite of
the image I cultivate online you're
gonna make mistakes
you can't expect perfection being mad at
yourself when you expect perfection is
fine as long as it doesn't you know harm
you mentally I suppose
you know that's the mindset you want to
cultivate then so be it but you gotta
accept that mistakes are gonna happen by
the way this is why I didn't go into the
curse room right off the bat is because
I should have taken PhD earlier with
what it solved a lot of problems I think
but let's try this potato peeler again I
didn't want to go in there cuz I was
like the demon heart is worth a lot it
could actually like wipe out more than
one wave for us so that's why I held off
on actually going into the cursor until
it was a little later I figured a spirit
heart is a better cos than a demon heart
unfortunately didn't get much out of
that room to begin with we would have
gotten a luck upgrade if we bought PhD
earlier now is a luck upgrade really
that valuable in greed mode I would
argue not as much as it is in the
vanilla game modes but here we are will
probably save the rest of our money for
the next floor and maybe hope for a good
deal with the devil here but we're being
starved on this run slowly but surely
we're being starved out of a wind and
it's pretty much a hundred percent to do
with our damage rate of fire is fine HP
as long as we have enough money we can
always buy most of the time we'll be
able to buy a decent amount of HP before
the final boss fight but at least
there's there's a thread where that
exists but as of right now this is a
perfect opportunity to use that
apparently Dodgers remote just doesn't
work with car batteries or should I say
car battery doesn't work with doctors
remote because a1 was existing on this
run before the other this is bomb City
cuz like this boss fight is actually
gonna suck know that that bomb placement
was so bad on my part we're probably
gonna get hit here I mean the good news
is with nun's habit we can only get hit
twice before we get a charge and then
it'll probably kill him but we're in a
tight spot what we need to do is get a I
mean a deal with the devil that gives us
HP the deal with the angel that gives us
damage or just a much much better floor
on the next floor I think that allows us
to kind of elevate our game another
angel deal Holy Grail is fine flying is
is certainly not bad as we head down to
the next floor I can't let this cat into
the room
you only get one side of the story on
this video there's a little damage I can
accept that
you're going oh this guy doesn't let his
cat into the room what a jerk you don't
understand you're not living the life
that I'm living here this cat all day
tries to get behind the computer tries
to bite things tries to bite me
aggravates Tomoe I know that's gonna get
you guys on my side when I say that he's
biting tomé oh by the way we probably
want champion belt here tom was a
champion of the people okay also with
tiers upgrade I always forget the era
please algae's also good save that for
the final boss by potentially so think
we want to use as many charges as
possible wow that was really really bad
I want to use as many charges as
possible like right now oh this we we
got it we got to use algae's we're gonna
eat it this is way too good like the
enemies are crushing us our damage is
not nearly strong enough step on the
button dude get out of here
my plan was to use the charges you know
keep the waves relatively maintained and
then destroy that tinted rock and
hopefully pick up at this point small
rock we could absorb the speed downgrade
because we can fly and and maybe our
damage as a result would actually be
palatable but now we don't even have a
charge ready for it but we're gonna buy
champion bail the damage is a critical
thing for us right now similarly to be
honest we might want to get a red candle
a better space bar item than doctors
remote an item I don't have a whole lot
of you know built-up fondness for but
our damage is very much still like the
the sore spot for us and and we're gonna
start to face some sincere problems very
very shortly so I think we're like a
halfway through these waves our end game
at this point is to live that makes me
very upset it makes me very upset that
about two seconds after I said our end
game is to live they killed us so we'll
do another greed mode run here's our
seed ad we6 virus looks very familiar to
start with here this is arguably a
little better
I guess cuz it gives us the higher rate
of fire right off the bat and dude blank
card you almost just take it on greed
mode or greedier if you want to be
pedantic because it's like it enables
such amazing synergies hello hello Ruka
have you decided to calm down have you
decided to be a normal boy or are you
still it crazy cuz about one day a week
Ruka chooses to be a crazy boy and he's
chosen today go to sleep I'm not putting
him in a sleeper hold I'm putting him in
his sleeping box
I don't know why today he's chosen to be
a crazy boy maybe he misses Kate is that
what it is she's coming back tomorrow
there's no way for you to conceivably
know that unless you've learned English
in which case dude please let me know
because that would be huge for both of
us I'm talking wet food everyday kind of
money if you're interested I imagined
dude I know like this is a weird bit
okay people are like when I get if
reincarnation is real I want to be
reincarnated as a cat I think there's
some situations in which that is fair
like if you're reincarnated with no
knowledge of the fact that you used to
be a human being like you don't have
your memories you don't have like the
lessons you've learned then sure a cat
life like a domesticated cat that's a
pet in a nice person's home it's a great
life what do you do you sleep
yeah eat you play around from time to
time a little chubby for a cat who cares
you're a cat you know live your life if
you maintain the knowledge that you had
before you were reincarnated it's
actually the worst thing in the world
can you imagine wanting to express an
opinion for your entire life being aware
that you know English but not possessing
the like biological structures to
actually create words except for meow
and then occasionally
there's like I can't do it but there's
like a cat wouldn't call it a growl
necessarily but like a frustrated cat
like emotions that sounds like a prison
but it is a prison which you get to even
sleep all the time can't deny that I
guess the other thing is we get
reincarnated as a cat maybe I guess the
idea is that you would be like you know
you to eat all this stuff and it's it
smells like garbage to human beings but
you'd be like this is delicious
but if you were a human being governing
carnitas Kent you'd be like can I have a
ribeye just once not more ground up like
a horse liver or something I don't know
what they're even so I really want blank
card I want blank card more than I want
any other item that could exist in the
item room so I mean that was actually
really okay and they use a bomb raid
here and it's worth it it's worth it
because it gives us blank card right off
the bed so now if we get five cents
we'll buy a key four cents I guess we'll
buy a key or maybe we'll buy a card
because getting one good card right off
the bat would be extremely valuable
blank card is not quite enough to give
us a guaranteed win but it's pretty
close what we all we need now is one
good card and you know for most floors
if we have 20 cents that means checking
out four cards to see if one of them's
good so this I don't really like
fighting a champion version of the gate
on the first floor or sorry even worse
actually I'd say a champion version of
mega fatty on the first floor so I think
we should shoot Edie we should shoot a
mega fatty and I'm gonna explain why we
won mega fatty to die second because he
can actually hurt monstro and the
champion version of monster was no slaps
in the HP Department compared to our
damage right now why shoot at mega fatty
then shouldn't be shoot at monstro first
so that monstro dies first no you're not
remembering is that mega fatty has about
a million times more HP than any other
boss at his level so by by shooting a
mega fatty he will still probably die
second monster will die two shots that
we accidentally hit him with
and also any damage that mega fatty does
swim and the other alternative is mega
fatty dies first and then we shoot
monster like 200 times instead of a
million and then he dies so I think
we're we're making the right decision
for the right reasons it just looks
wrong please God who on the team said
this is the ideal boss for you to fight
in greedy your mode like this is
actually just silly well that's why it's
hard is because mathematically it's just
really really really really tedious
unless you get an amazing item right off
the bat we actually sort of got an
amazing item which is what irritates me
the most like we got pretty close to the
Platonic ideal item you'd want to get on
a blue baby greedy or mode run HP plus a
good DPS improvement anyway I digress
I suppose you know what we should buy
two keys cuz they're cheap save enough
money to let me start the bankroll for
the next floor tough love is fine I
almost don't even want to go for the
deal with the devil but I will it's the
same deal with the devil we had last
time why wouldn't we want to go for it
well maybe we think you know the right
of getting a deal with the devil or the
privilege of getting a deal with the
devil is not worth the extra you know
one spear at heart it could cost us
there just doesn't feel right to not go
to it I actually think it's always the
right decision to try as long as your
your run is not gonna get you killed and
we've got a good enough setup that that
should not happen so just cuz the chance
of like a Hail Mary 10 outta 10 item
existing is is too real so see you later
on the next floor we're going down with
enough money to possibly start by buying
a card
there is no card for sale that was the
cat sneezing and shaking my whole desk
you could buy a spirit heart but I'd
rather I mean I might have to I guess I
should be more obvious about saying but
the time isn't quite right Black Lotus
is gonna give us three HP it's really
good meat is gonna give us a little bit
of damage in a little bit of HP we don't
really want much of this in fact I'm
actually gonna go for a bit of a Hail
Mary here the idea there was maybe we
could get a card we didn't but we did
get a halo halo so Kay and I don't like
saying that a that in all stats off is
okay but it really is just okay careful
I'll still buy it I think it's worth 15
cents and and moreover even if it's not
worth 15 cents I think it's worth us not
using any resources to re-roll it again
we're not quite at the tear cap so we
don't have to worry about that we are
eager to get a rune or a card but it's
not compulsory in the exact immediacy
right now and I think this is actually
at this point a balanced run we've stat
it up enough that and I was completely
trapped there
we've stat it up enough that we can kill
enemies at a reasonable pace you know
we're leaving a little bit of debt from
wave to wave but with our those
champions or stone men they're actually
champions I've been living this whole
time thinking that they're actually the
stone dudes from old Valyria but they
are not we're also fighting like weaker
enemies I think they these guys are not
that strong so just consider ourselves
lucky for the present moment just give
me a card it doesn't have to be good
like there's so many cards that are just
made better by the fact that we can use
them 20 times per floor no well you wipe
the slate clean but not the world's
hardest and it means to begin with so
we're gonna be at like 20-something
cents 22 I think yeah 22 which means we
will probably just take the halo and
then we'll have 7 cents we might go for
a rear old really almost entirely
because buying a card would be so
valuable nothing else we want here is
that good so we would want to solicit
the reroll to begin with we don't get a
card we get a 7 cent outbreak I don't
think it's worth it I think we probably
at this point save our money so I'm
gonna be a little audacious that is
surprisingly very much worth it
it's gonna leave us in a great state as
far as HP goes HP goes Pecos P goes P
goes P goes see that's be good Johnny by
the men at work which is the most
annoying way to describe that band name
it's the men at work no it's men at work
it's very different it's the Beatles no
it's Beatles it's not Beatles it's the
Beatles
it's the u2 that would irritate me if I
was Bono that would irritate me so much
I might donate like 25% of my salary to
defeating the AIDS epidemic in Africa
you know that guy's all about that
here's my impression of Bono I'm gonna
be a philanthropist I mean come on dude
why are you putting on airs can you just
write the music funny man music man
whatever not that bad of a wave
considering our stance should be able to
hang back
fire some shots in here that relatively
leave us safe once we get one killed we
open up a little bit more of the map
anyway I mean he's got a quite a
significant range on him to begin with
how I was gonna say how could he not be
dead the HP bar was at like 45% it's
been a while since I've been in math
class but I'm pretty sure that 100
divided by 2 is greater than 45 if you
think that expression doesn't make sense
if you're gonna say a 100 divided by 2
equals 50 you are correct but 100
divided by 2 also equals greater than 45
a hundred divided by two is also less
than a million you know there's many
potentially true statements that could
be evaluated from an expression we got
14 cents we're out of here I was also
going down a weird tangent there so
whether like escape from that as quickly
as possible damage not bad HP rate of
fire shot speed is irrelevant so we're
at the HP cap no longer should we
prioritize tiers upgrades you got a I
think you definitely take the gamble
right here and it worked out swimmingly
now data miner no I know but you only
have to get it to but it's half price
now it's not no we're not it's not worth
it dude these secret rooms are way worth
it for curse rooms rather okay right
11:30 time doesn't matter too much I
almost want to play the demon judgement
but it I could not conceive of it as a
smart idea let's start small piercing
shots absolutely lovely use a little
money I want to get cards dude we need a
card it's not even a want situation we
need a card in order to validate the use
of blank card and the faster I mean it
doesn't really rhyme with anything I was
gonna say the faster the merrier it's
not really how the expression works it
creates a complicated situation for
yours truly you can see there is a there
is a playing card in there in fact step
on this we got 5 cents now we need to
buy that playing card because if it's
like 2 of diamonds using it immediately
is worth so much it's too hard since
garbage ok well the joke's on me and I
think a lot of people are gonna watch
this and they're gonna be like well with
the money you're spending on cards you
could probably pick up like uh damage
upgrade I'm not trying to mess with you
I feel like uh damage upgrade is
substantially less valuable than getting
a good card early even if we spend 30
cents you know
surely it doesn't have to be ten out of
ten doesn't have to be chaos that was
real bad but if we can at least get
something something that gives us any
value then I can stop this like
relentless and very expensive quest to
find a worthwhile card even the devil
although I would prefer to get you know
a rune of some value or a really really
valuable card like strength would
actually be pretty solid as well or hero
font is like 20 out of 10 we don't need
it what we do need is any card that
gives us value because it also justifies
the existence of blank card to begin
with batteries not that essential
judgment could be that card it probably
won't be in fact my yeah it's yeah we
got problems
you should never do this in fact I
believe there's I can't I'm actually mad
that the game enabled my idiocy you can
play both of those one at like two at a
time each you don't - I I don't know I'm
actually like a little mad that the game
worked out for me there and we got the
hanged man again oh my lord well we will
get enough money to purchase one more
card and we did get ceremonial robes on
this floor I mean in some case does the
end justify the means usually that's
like an ethical dilemma you know like
hey you were a real jerk that you
accomplished something noble was it
worth it instead in this case it's very
much hey you were a moron but good
things happen I don't think it's not
really the spirit of the original idiom
but yet at the same time I'm kind of
like sweet it worked
okay so I mean grab two more cards to
his spades is okay the Sun is it's tough
it's tough I'm gonna keep blank cards
son won't you come and wash away the
rain the reason for that is because two
of spades it's good but we're never
gonna need 99 keys there's a there's an
upper maximum to the number of keys you
could ever need ingredient it's usually
like seven right you've already opened a
few doors so to to just get two keys for
five senses at least an okay deal and
then the son card is kind of like a once
every four rooms death card situation
for us it's not good but it's it's
better I think unfortunately and they're
keeping us enabled with a lot of HP as
we head down to the next floor hoping
for good item rooms I'll tell you that
much it's okay a little too late to be
super useful and then squeezy is two
spirit arts could be worse could be
better
so let's keep our extra special room
here I'm gonna use on soos because it
gives us secret room access but keep the
Sun card taro cloth does not synergize
with blank card doesn't make it bad but
probably means it's not as good I'm
gonna add a swing for the fences a
little bit grab this remember we have
very little to donate it's much more
about survival on greedier mode at this
point blank card here a font blank our
magician I mean we just not gonna say we
won but really really helped our chances
with a single bomb there so
sorry the Hierophant that is what I
meant to say that's the way that's the
way we pronounce that I wish I could
hold two cards just because the Sun is
so good what my game plan was was
basically just hey why don't you kite
every enemy on the screen and then just
Sun card them all at once and then you
basically don't end up fighting anything
not sure if that's even good it might
just be clever but you know you know my
thoughts on cleverness not always a huge
fan but I will admit that blank card
here of fun makes us essentially I mean
that was just god-awful but it makes us
essentially unkillable until the final
boss fight in my estimation dude it's
actually not fair that there is a turret
right down here because this guy's got
to go before I can conceivably ever
stand still
it's like a lot of badness coming what
are all these shrieks
oh it's the three spiders down there at
the bottom well I mean if nothing else
this should illustrate how powerful our
blank card hero fonts energy is
essentially we play it like trash and
yet here we are I think we actually
you're not gonna love this
but it's it's worth it and that makes me
a little mad we should not take tarot
o'clock well we can there's like varying
layers of enlightenment here on a
spectrum from young Sheldon to Rick and
Morty there's various phases of
enlightenment okay what do I mean by
this ridiculous inherently moronic
statement we're right that taro cloth
won't work with blank card however we
might just want taro cloth to give us
four spirit hearts from here upon as
well as whatever tangential benefit taro
cloth could provide in the interim
period for example if we got a second
hero fond card that's a good way to
think of it we essentially paid 15 cents
for four spirit hearts the two extras
that we would get from the blank card
hero font I'm sorry the two extras we
get from the hero phone we're holding
and the two extras to get from the hero
family found so I might be by not taking
taro cloth I might be accidentally out
thinking myself out of a pretty good
situation essentially it makes every
card twice as good as long as we're not
using with playing card which is also
really good because the second best card
with blank card useless without blank
card worth quite a lot well think about
it we got a little bit of time
our damage by the way like damage plus
rate of fire to make DPS is still pretty
garbage for them for the stage of the
game in which rat and the fact we've
been recording for 42 minutes here at on
a greedier mode run not necessarily the
greatest indication I really thought we
were being clever that clever thereby
hiding but clearly did not work out as
well as I was hoping for I don't know
how we didn't get it on that one though
we're gonna get a deal with the devil
then we can afford it whether or not we
should be able to afford it another
question for another day how these deals
dude 48 hour energy lovely choice thank
you back to full HP we're really hoping
to not get a tell appeals cuz that could
ruin the hero font for us we need to
find a second secret room I think we
should buy a taro cloth I don't love it
but I'm okay with it and immediately a
pays for itself
now we can only take one of these with
us and then that gives me pause to think
this popping the two of diamonds already
I would take me to 48 cents is there a
battery for sale no there's not what
about if we roll a few times
still no battery oh it's gotta happen
like on this play still no battery okay
so we should have used the two of
diamonds earlier when I was hoping for
is to find a battery and create kind of
like a small capital gain over and over
but we did not get that so instead it's
tough because here a fun much better for
a survival but we have one more shop so
I think we think we take blank card two
of diamonds and just expect that hey as
a result of having blank card two of
diamonds we could buy as many spirit
ours as we want in the future so this is
probably smarter I don't think we
actually benefit from
unfortunately I stand by this decision I
almost say guess the theme in this
episode again is I almost out thought
myself again we should be able to buy
almost infinite spirits as long as we
can create a situation in which spirit
ads are for sale I was like here a fun
is an guaranteed win but actually I mean
curve torn is amazing but actually I
think 2 of diamonds is better for us
defensively then here a font is despite
the fact that it's here a fun is already
amazing we're still gonna keep going for
this again cuz I believe that I can buy
infinite HP as long as we can get a
battery charge and a spear at our for
sale
that's very good so we've already raised
our damage by like 50 percent versus
where we were on the last floor just
keep it going here obviously you want to
a blank card pretty much as often as
it's available pretty much in this case
being a confidence modifier cuz I am too
distracted by the enemies to actually
you know try to think of some edge cases
where that might not be the case cuz
come on the power of a doubling is
well-known well-documented
it's quite painful
[Music]
just keep it going here it's like the
first floor where I felt stronger than
the enemies were facing on earlier
floors I was like you know we're doing
okay but we got it kind of it's guerilla
warfare on this floor I'm like word
we're in the driver's seat for once
well not for once but for the first time
on in the last you know forty four
minutes or something like that
all right sixty-seven cents obviously a
great state great place to be we're
gonna use our money instead of our bombs
don't think we can really benefit from
those okay I mean car battery seems
quite good battery baby as well but I
don't know we're getting close to the
point where I don't think it's necessary
9-volt is an immediate charge so I will
do that and and we're kind of
approaching ridiculous levels here in
fact we should just start maybe by
buying as many spirit eyes as we can
leaves us in a good spot black candle is
like pretty solid and it restocks an
item battery charges please
so the d4 is very tempting however we
essentially just won we can now we've
hit a point that happens on a lot of
runs to be fair but we've hit a point
where we can buy anything and this is
because of the two of diamonds which I
can't believe in hindsight I'm like I
almost didn't take this that is moronic
and you're going I know and I'm going I
know what was I thinking you know we're
on the same page here there's spun
anytime by the way we on ideally use our
purchasing power I mean we can just buy
another battery faster creates no issue
whatsoever like so yeah so we're
basically essentially a hundred percent
set just re-roll these I don't like them
we might break the reroll machine but we
got to move on anyway so starter that
gives us an extra card card is judgment
we get two judgments which we can
totally afford to play but we don't
really in all likelihood want what
they're putting out with by the way
shouldn't have done that today we have
no battery charge yeah idiot every time
dude
okay so let's say I mean we have is the
next floor the end it might be if it is
if it isn't it doesn't really matter
we're still like completely set let's
start
we're gonna get our deal with the devil
wave after these boss waves are done
these enemies are pretty good at keeping
us away from them she's gonna slow us
down quite a lot here
yeah just basically sat back and let
that one roll in
got an adversary essentially zero
problem so we do have one more floor of
farming before we actually get the the
final boss fight so we we didn't score
ourselves too much hopefully there's a
reroll machine on that last remaining
floor but if there is if there isn't we
can just buy it endlessly we could buy a
bunch of junk items that impact us only
is slightly positively or don't impact
us at all to get rerolls and you know we
get so many of those it doesn't really
matter too much plus we have chaos so we
can get like Steam sale and it's just
it's a whole thing we're in a very good
spot though yes okay
it's like really good I mean at this
point I kind of feel like we might as
well blow this up you know we'll get
another charge maybe when we finish then
we can buy eight more items from this
shop and it doesn't matter or they
probably the next shop cuz it could have
a reroll machine but anyway okay okay
the shop
there is not a reroll machine but that's
not that bad so you definitely start
there's a battery charge which is the
most important thing you definitely
start taking the passives that are most
valuable and Whore of Babylon is like
certainly one of the most valuable
probably reach a point and effect it
might be at that point at the present
moment where we're gonna just be buying
a lot of HP II that doesn't really
matter or a lot of spacebar items that
don't really matter similarly I kind of
feel like momma mega doesn't matter it
might actually open up secret rooms for
us so I'll tell you what crack into that
take the inner eye for a little bit of
triple shot power 9lives was a terrible
selection just awful and we probably
will not be able to farm spirit arts so
we've really created an interesting
situation we should be able to buy
spirit hearts but whether or not we're
able to actually farm them remains to be
seen so yeah you know we've kind of
introduced a little bit of uncertainty
but not much we're also about to become
guppy I think so I mean even just the
use nail nail nail you know we're back
at the HP we want now we're gonna pin
very quickly we also have bookworm that
happened very quickly and I think we
should probably just do well they'll
tell you what first off grab this gets a
full HP grab this and I think we should
just begin our next wave like we're like
really really strong strong enough that
we should not die to greed without a
doubt is there more to be gleaned
absolutely always we have a hive mind
good damage guppy good tear effects like
we should essentially be unassailable
probably we will still get hit but that
doesn't mean the whole lot in the whole
scheme of things I would like greater
rate of fire and just like if we could
hit an order of magnitude higher on
damage that's right if we could get to a
hundred and forty three damage
you know what I'll settle one hundred
and forty we can get to that level that
would make me happy but even like like a
plus one damage increase who cares
we're so unbelievably set 2020 probably
helps out quite a lot I don't even I
don't even know at this point what this
will do we got we got all the shot
modifiers there we have we have 2020
triple shot bookworm and quad shots so
your guess is as good as mine more or
less I think I'm ready I don't think I
need to get you know anything else to
really carry us at this point the
certain point where you know complacency
gets a bad rap good boy like you should
always be ambitious ambition is a great
thing
most of the time in my opinion at least
wonderful however complacency is also
great when you know you look out on the
situation in which you're in we finally
got dad's key and another challenge look
at in the situation you're in and you're
like I'm perfectly content
I don't need sure I'm a doctor I own
eight practices I could own I'm but you
know what maybe I'll hug my children
instead and that's where I'm at with
complacency on this run right now is I'm
like you know we're we're gonna win
we're gonna win and it's fun what more
could we want in life sure we could sit
there farming it up for a hundred years
we're putting on airs I'm already at ten
and a tenon joint am I trying to create
an 11 doesn't 11 even exist I don't know
maybe maybe not
and we should stop chasing the dragon
and start entering the dragon alas
Cisco's album from 1998
so it's among the fastest I think I've
killed greed in the in the new save file
I'm not sweating the small stuff and
it's all small stuff right now but I
will say in theory dude it would have
been awesome to bring like a it would
have been awesome to bring battery baby
but we're also like less than a hundred
cents away from finishing our donation
machine offs so with the amount of money
we have left at the present moment we
could in theory absolutely max out the
donation which is record time of the two
times I've ever done which would include
the one that we're about to do so it's
faster than the last time might be a
good way to describe it
nice but it needs to not Jam Oh
fantastic well I mean we're also only 30
cents away from maxing it out so maybe
we were not necessarily as concerned we
were more concerned that we needed to be
but this we're gonna hit $9.99 and then
we're gonna push it over to a thousand
and that's that's the end of max in this
thing out all we need to do after this
point is worry about making sure that we
win our Green mud runs not that it's
been I can't believe you would do that
to me either way got a little bit more
impetus there for now thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed it if you did
click the like button I'm set a great
deal of course subscribe if you wanna
see more in the future for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time
tsuya